fix(shared, nextjs): Support importing @clerk/shared in @clerk/nextjs (#1767)
clerkinc/javascript: .changeset/unlucky-emus-greet.md

---
'@clerk/nextjs': minor
'@clerk/shared': minor
---

> Use `use client` directive in @clerk/shared to support import in libraries compatible in RSC and use it in @clerk/nextjs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the `use client` directive in `@clerk/shared` to make the package compatible with an RSC environment. Remove several helpers from `@clerk/nextjs` and import them from `@clerk/shared` instead.
```
